---
title: "What's In The Bag Q1-2025"
date: 2025-03-29
draft: false
categories: ["Golf"]
tags: ["golf", "gear", equipment]
---

As we finish up Q1 2025, I thought it would be fun to share what's currently in my golf bag. I'm always interested in seeing what other golfers are playing, so I hope this gives you some insight into my setup. I will outline what I am playing, and at the end, I will tell you which clubs are my favorites and which are on thin ice.

## The Bag

**Product:** Titleist Links Legend Bag

**Where I Got It:** I got the Links Legend from the HTCC pro shop at the end of 2024.

**Thoughts:** While it is a little bit pricey as someone who walks every round I would say it is well worth it. The leather not only looks fantastic, but any dirt comes right off with a soapy wet towel.

## Driver

**Product:** Ping 440 LST

**Specs:** 9 degrees of loft and a 65g Mitsubishi 1k Black stiff shaft

**Where I Got It:** I was fit into this driver in March of 2025 and purchased it from the HTCC pro shop.

**Thoughts:** While I cannot say for certain that the Ping is the best driver on the market, I can say that playing a driver that I was fit for has made a world of difference. I also immediately picked up some extra distance with the Ping in the bag—so much distance that my shot tracker says my average distance is up from 245 to 285 off the tee. (It has been warmer since I bought the Ping, but still AMAZING!).

## Fairway Woods

**Product:** Taylormade RBZ Tour - 3 Wood

**Specs:** 14.5 degrees of loft and the stock TaylorMade stiff shaft

**Where I Got It:** I got this three wood as a freshman in high school as a gift from my grandfather.

**Thoughts:** Three wood is a spot in the bag where if you find something that you like you just keep it forever. That is the case with my RBZ. I hit it well it seems to work well, and I have never really thought about replacing it.

## Hybrids

**Product:** Titleist TSR 3 - 3 Hybrid

**Specs:** 18 degrees of loft and an 85g Mitsubishi 1k Black stiff shaft

**Where I Got It:** I purchased the TSR 3 used from a good friend. I got the friends and family discount, and I couldn't pass it up.

**Thoughts:** I actually bought this before I was fit into the exact same shaft for my driver. I am really pleased with the hybrid, but it does sit a hair open to my eye which as taken some getting used to.

## Irons

**Product:** Srixon ZX5 MK II

**Specs:** 4-P with the KBS TOUR stiff shafts

**Where I Got It:** These were a good ole facebook marketplace gem.

**Thoughts:** I was playing with some sub 70 blades that I bought used before these, and I can say that they are for sure a big upgrade. The long irons especially feel turbocharged compared to my old irons, and they have single-handedly cured my four iron yips.

## Wedges

**Product:** Titleist Vokey SM6 & SM9

**Specs:** I play a 52 degree gap wedge, a 56 degree sand wedge, and a 60 degree lob wedge

**Where I Got It:** I bought my two SM9s from a friend and got the SM6 as a hand-me-down.

**Thoughts:** I do think that it is getting close to replacement time for my SM6, but other than that its hard to complain about the Vokeys.

## Putter

**Product:** LAB DF3

**Specs:** 34 inch

**Where I Got It:** I bought the LAB new from Edwin Watts in February 2025.

**Thoughts:** I have been loving the lab putter, and it would take a miracle for me to pull it from the bag in favor of another putter. If you want more details see my full review [here](/posts/lab-df3-review).

## Ball

**Product:** Vice Pro

**Thoughts:** I have been playing the Vice Pro as my serious round ball. I think that the performance is great, but the only downside is they start to wear pretty quickly. If you can keep your ball from hitting things like trees and cart paths this may not be a problem for you!

## Favorite Clubs

My favorite clubs are also my two newest so there may be a correlation there. I love the new Ping 440, and the LAB DF3. The ping has added distance that I would have guessed was unachievable for my swing speed, and the LAB have given me my confidence back while putting. Overall, I am really happy with all my clubs, and I do not plan on replacing anything until my wedges stop putting spin on the ball.
